BEST PRACTICES AND GUIDELINES FOR PHP PROJECT by Del Boudreau

GITHUB: Our priority is being able to reliably MERGE code we work on from session to session, with each member of the group active as a collaborator
and contributor to the final product. Local backups should be maintained intermittently in case of a crisis, as well as diligent usage of branching.
If possible, every member of the group should be able to maintain their own branches which can be organized and meshed together at milestones.
Each member of the group should be able to use a plugin for github that works with netbeans, however https://desktop.github.com/ is an alternative method for
integration.

VARIABLE, FUNCTION AND FILE NAME STYLE: First and foremost, anything specified in the project documentation from the professor must be maintained. 
Any code snippets or files provided to us should not be altered without instruction in the labs directions.
For our own code, here are some suggestions for how we can write different variable and function names to avoid typos

SINGLE-WORD VARIABLES: all undercase, variables should be -10 letters in length: 'number', 'count', 'year'
TWO-WORD VARIABLES: first word undercase, capitalize the first letter of the second word with no space between: 'numCount', 'userAge', 'isValid'
MULTI-WORD VARIABLE: Avoid using these in general. Please inform the group if you need to and make a post on discord we can reference.

FUNCTIONS: All words should be capitalized, a verb should be used to help understand its function: 'ProcessUserInfo', 'PrintTable'
SESSIONS: All undercase, should be the same as the variable or class it is based on. 'classlist', 'isvalid', 'name'

REGARDING BOOTSTRAP: Rather than using a local file for bootstrap, there is also a link you can simply insert into the head of a page.
<link rel="stylesheet" href="https://stackpath.bootstrapcdn.com/bootstrap/4.1.3/css/bootstrap.min.css" integrity="sha384-MCw98/SFnGE8fJT3GXwEOngsV7Zt27NXFoaoApmYm81iuXoPkFOJwJ8ERdknLPMO" crossorigin="anonymous">

COMMENTS: Comments can be used to let other members of the group know whether or not a particular section of code is incomplete or 'wonky'
In addition, if you are working on someone elses code and do not want to risk an over-write when you push to github, you may want to simply comment out
the code you were going to alter, and re-write it to your needs underneath it. Please add a note of your name and reason for doing so, in case we need
to look back at the reason for this was. In addition, if you need to comment out functions or variables to replace them please try to retain their naming to
avoid causing issues elsewhere in the code.